---
layout: post
title:  "Jessica's Rabbit"
date: 2016-12-15
categories: 
author: jenny
---

The girls stood in the kitchen, near the water-cooler, locked in what
looked like urgent discussion. Steve could see their rapid hand gestures
and the way their eyes lit up in alternate glee, shock or some
mysterious, feminine combination of the two. Claire covered her mouth
with her hands while Jessica's lips moved almost silently, their eyes
not breaking contact for a moment.

He took his time rinsing out his cup, drying it meticulously with a
paper towel, refilling it with the instant coffee, hot water, milk, his
eyes snatching shy glimpses of them when they could. To Steve, Jessica
was beautiful and he'd been waiting for a chance to get to know her
better, but he never knew where to start. He just felt like a bumbling
fool.

This time though, he'd gotten lucky. Jessica might have *thought* she
had been silent, but Steve had caught the fractured ends of her
sentences and they had given him an idea. If he could pull this off
Jessica might actually, even if just for a second, become aware of his
existence.

After work Steve drove to Nico's house. Nico had a beautiful old cottage
with a rickety old chimney that teetered picturesquely into the night
sky. Smoke gushed out of it in grey-blue spirals and light spilled
generously from the windows. He didn't stay long, but when he came out
of the cottage he was holding a small cardboard box, which seemed to
snuffle endearingly.

He'd driven Jessica home after a works dinner once, so he knew where she
lived. He hoped it wasn't creepy, just appearing on her doorstep like
that, but his judgement told him it was right: Jessica was upset, his
gift would make her feel better and he'd be Steve the Hero. For a while
at least.

He got out of the car. It was bin night and he edged his way past
Jessica's recycling bag, blushing at the empty boxes of tampax and the
folded Ann Summers bag pressing against the transparent plastic.

It took a few minutes for her to answer the door and when she did she
looked flushed and flustered and a little dreamy. She was wearing a
dressing gown, which Steve thought was unusual for seven in the evening,
but he didn't say anything, just looked at his feet.

“Oh. Um Hi, Jessica. I hope you don't mind. It's just that I overheard
what you were talking about with Claire in the kitchen today and I have
this friend who...well he breeds them, just outside of town and I
thought, maybe, that this would help to cheer you up…”

He held the box out towards her, but she didn't take it. Her expression
ran from mortified, to confused to genuinely shocked. Mimicking Claire's
gesture from earlier, she raised her hands to cover her mouth.

“Oh, God...Steve! That's really, um, really sweet of you - but when I
said that my, uh '*rabbit* died' - well...I really didn't mean *that*
kind of rabbit…” The box in Steve's arms snuffled in the horrified
silence.
