---
layout: post
title:  "Ferocious Phillip"
date: 2017-02-15
categories: 
author: james
---

Fabulous Phillip turns sexty-nine.

Be there and be Queer!

(Fancy dress mandatory)

We call him Phillip the Greek but he's as Welsh as a coal miner's uncle.
It's the face, this hatchet nose, and it helps, him having more reserves
of selfish prick than coal in the valleys.

He drove to the club in a white Fiat Uno that had black paint marks down
one side. He wore a suit and in his hand was a cord leading to a
portrait of dear old Liz propped up on a skateboard. We all fell about
laughing when out from the Uno popped three inflatable Corgis that
bobbed in his wake.

We stood in a line to greet them. He asked a black girl how she got time
off from the plantation. He said to Xao Li what kind of gap in the door
did he manage to slip through?

He winked up at the set of Abs stood next to me. He said, 'Hello little
teacup, can I show you my spout?'

This guy was one of the Backstreet Boys, low cut vest to show his gym
stuffed body and tight jeans to show his sock stuffed pants. He reared
his extra foot in height and said, 'I ain't no gay.'

Fabulous Phillip full of fabulous gin winked again.

'Darlink, there's a little poof in all of us.'

The only thing that moved on Abs was his nostrils flared. Music still
pumping and the crowd was raucous but in this little bubble of three the
testosterone made everything tight and still.

Abs said, 'Ain't no poof in me.'

Of course you know what Phillip said next.

Selfish Phillip the reason we have bouncers - he likes to say in this
throaty voice he just can't help but rub people up the wrong way. And it
was Selfish Phillip made them let the guy stay because what he loves
most is latent cherry plucking. The key, he says, is firmness. They want
someone to be Daddy, and then it's 'Oh Mommy, hold me.'

Two hours and floods of gin and it was Fearless Phillip that went over
and leaned in to whisper.

A hush followed Phillip and Liz and the Corgis as they followed Abs out
the door. We all piled outside to serenade them out of sight, Corgis
still bobbing gently in the breeze above the privet. When the Corgis
began to slowly dance the whole of the party cheered and someone called
out for Liz to cover her eyes.

It was only when the first Corgi drifted free and skyward that we fell
silent and we could at last hear the screaming. Carnage waited behind
that hedge. Liz wheels up, blood splashed across her canvas, and Phillip
down on his knees streaming tears.

'Not again, not again,' he kept saying.

Abs was flat on his back, moving with tiny moans, hands still curled in
useless fists that never stood a chance.
