---
layout: post
title:  "Just so"
date: 2017-01-11
categories: 
author: james
---

She was wearing jeans that could have been painted on and a silk blouse
one size too small with a button too few. Longer hair these days but
they were those same gorgeous wide eyes that looked back at him each
time she eased a cube of ice into a glass.

When she crossed to the freezer he slid from his stool to fetch a knife.
He counted the cubes of ice as he set down the blade. Three in one glass
and two in the second. And that was okay.

She gave up tugging at the freezer door and looked at him. They pulled
together and she fell back into him as it came loose. A feeling of
warmness and softness that tingled. She wriggled her bottom more than
she need to break free.

'Still goes in the top?'

He didn't answer. He was staring at the tray with its solitary cube. One
single ice cube going back in the freezer when she'd walked right past
the sink with its tap full of fresh ingredient.

She said , 'Honey?' twice before he took the tray and slid it home in
the ice drawer.

He had to watch as she used his razor sharp knife to turn a lemon into
slices that tapered fatly down to mush. He'd set out a measure but she
made them gin and tonics eyeball strength, handed his to him and downed
hers in one before the ice had done its job.

She set her glass down and waited.

It was three gulps, each more horrid than the last, tepid tonic becoming
harsh gin at the last because she hadn't stirred them.

She said, 'The first time you brought me back you had the chopping board
with the ruler inside and every slice of lemon was precisely two
millimetres thick. I thought it was cute.'

'You don't anymore?'

'It was the rest of it. I could never buy a mug that wasn't the exact
same height as all the others. I could never leave a light on if I left
the room for two seconds.'

'All right,' he said.

'And that toothbrush thing, bristles always facing the tiles or you
totally flipped.'

'These new pills have fixed me,' he said. 'Now I just fling the
toothbrush wherever.'

She showed him that smile he loved.

She said, 'Something else we almost did that first time I came here.'

She popped on her shirt button.

She said, 'You think you can this time? On that cold floor. That cold
dirty crawling with germs?'

He looked at the floor. He looked at his wife looking at him and then he
looked back to the floor. It was red quarry tiles set in furrows of
grout. It was cold, but three times over with bleach and twice with the
steam cleaner there could be nowhere in the whole house with less germs.

He said to his wife, 'These new pills are the bomb,' and began to
unbutton his shirt.
