---
layout: post
title:  "Skullface"
date: 2017-02-22
categories: 
author: james
---

First there was Sweater Belly, thus bulge of Aran wool atop jeans a size
too small, and then there was Sweaty Belly, shirts with buttons under
strain and material gone vaguely translucent. Mum deserved a doctor or a
lawyer with a strong jaw and good hair. Next up was Skull Face, with
skin vaguely translucent stretched tight around wide eyes and a pursed
mouth that was always primed to scold.

Don't put your arms on the table. Don't talk when your mother's talking.

And you do not, you NEVER EVER, touch my Filofax.

When Clare's curious fingers reached he snatched it close to almost kiss
it, caress its scarlet cover bulging fat with paper. It was a book and
that was it, but to Skull Face it was his key to the promised land, the
names and numbers of all his clients. It was his bread and butter and
without it how could a skinny fellow with thinning hair who was not the
life of parties ever hope to hold onto such a flower as Clare's mother?

\*\*\*

Wednesday's was Mandy's after school but Mum out with Skull Face too
good a chance. It could be tea in front of the telly, crispy chips and
crunchy batter, she'd have mushy peas and she'd have chocolate buttons
to start, the whole feast crowned by the strawberry glory that waited in
the fridge.

Clare squeezed past the cars in the drive and into the quiet house,
humming to herself as she went through the hall and into the dining
room.

It sat there unguarded on the table. The Filofax. She could burn it. She
could put it through the shredder. She would destroy his bread and
butter and then Mum would meet a fireman who had a dog and loved going
to the park every day.

She had to screw her eyes shut and go into the kitchen by feel. She took
the strawberries from the fridge, cut the green bits from the top,
rinsed them clean and set them aside to lose their chill. Then she ate
chocolate buttons, handfuls at a time, hoping to save the Filofax with
lashings of chocolate.

Buttons in her left she was reaching with her right when the sound of
slapping feet on the bare wood of the stairs shot her under the table.
She was just in time to see naked hairy Skeleton legs move through the
dining room into the kitchen. The fridge door opened, bottles clinked to
the sound of Skull Face whistling. She leaned out just enough to peer
through the door, and the horror of it.

Now it was Skull Face Pimply Bottom.

She kept her eyes screwed tight shut as strolled back. He called out as
he climbed the stairs - 'Champagne for the lovers, and strawberries and
cream!'

Buttons and chairs scattered as Clare burst into the open. Her bowl of
strawberries was gone from the kitchen.

Careless for naked nightmares she raced the stairs, used the bannister
to swivel and hurl herself at the open bedroom door. The room was empty
but somewhere her mother was giggling. Braced for flight Clare edged the
landing until her ear was against the bathroom door.

Running bathwater stopped, her mother giggled and then water sloshed
gently. Skull Face ate a strawberry, his voice a honeyed murmur but no
words.

He said, 'Strawberry?' but there was no answer, just water sloshing.

Clare was halfway down the landing before her mother replied yes,
getting more and more urgent as clearly Skull Face teased her. Clare was
at the top of the stairs when finally the strawberry was delivered
amongst a barrage of joy.

The water had stopped running, but there was still a splashing sound and
perhaps that was why Skull Face wasn't quick with the strawberries,
Clare's mother asking over and over and over again to have one. Clare
backed away slowly from the door and was halfway down the landing before
the strawberry finally arrived amongst a barrage of joy.

It was a thoughtful girl that plodded the stairs, through the hall and
into the dining room.

She turned on her homework lamp. She set out her books.

She took the Filofax and opened it. Inside the cover in a loop of
elastic was the very pen used to fill in all those numbers and words and
order and bread and butter

And there serenaded by splashy strawberry enjoyment ones became sevens,
and threes became eights and zeroes became nines.
