---
layout: post
title:  "I'm a bucket man"
date: 2017-02-01
categories: 
author: james
---

The first thing she bought was an Eames, price through the roof for a
leather and chrome chair that wasn't even that comfortable, but it was a
thing Ian always wanted. Of course then it looked out place against
their beige carpets. Hardwood floors sorted that, and no bad thing, Ian
with his allergies so why not their son?

The light fittings were all her - a little bling. Chic matt steel and
she could have bought the ones with real diamonds but not with how they
ran with blood. When the neighbours put up for sale she swooped and
together this pair of ordinary three bed semis made the man from
Architectural Digest magazine drop his lower jaw and say wow three
times.

In silence his gaze drank in the soft Travertine floor, the light oak of
the staircase finished by hand, the exotic plants clustered at the foot
of the stairs.

And his mouth fell again.

He squinted his eyes, he moved for a closer look. She could see the
start of Ian's grin.

The reporter said, 'Is that an orange bucket holding that ficus tree?'

Through into the sun flooded morning room for the interview. As it drew
to a close the reporter set down the bone china coffee cup.

He said, 'I'm impressed, I really am. You bounced back. You used that
unfortunate windfall to build all this, to build your company.'

'Oh that, that was all Ian's idea. But then I had the money, so why
not?'

'But *you* did it. Head of a company worth fifty million. Housewife,
mother. How do you manage it?'

A pair of bright eyes topping an oh so like Ian grin watching it all
through the glass doors of the orangery.

'For my son,' she said.

Once more in the hall the man stopped to stare at the bright orange
bucket Ian said he got from B & Q, five of them for a pound.

The reporter said, 'After this piece, I wouldn't be surprised, every
well dressed home that takes our magazine with a bright orange quirk
like that.'

Ian's grin was blinding.

Alone at last, stood there in the hall holding her son looking at the
ficus plant lush in health ready to bloom. Stood there looking at that
awful garish bucket that Ian marched in with when she was locked in the
delivery cradle, knees past her ears and the Doula telling her that
breathing was the river that flowed away the pain.

Ian with that little grin. The plan for the placenta to nourish the
roots of a favoured plant so why not get something big enough to simply
plant it straight in?

Holding out that bright orange bucket for her approval, and then as she
began to flare, him looking mystified and saying, 'Well I put a bow on
it.'

She kissed her son's cheek, and she murmured to him, 'Daddy would have
been so proud of you.'
